feat(Portal): Remove mention of Portal from documentation part 1 (#1692)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/bonita-docker-installation.adoc

====

> This will start a container running the Tomcat Bundle with Bonita Engine + Applications. As you did not specify any environment variables it's almost like if you had launched the Bundle on your host using startup.+{sh|bat}+ (with security hardening on REST and HTTP APIs, cf Security part). It means that Bonita uses a H2 database here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will start a container running the Tomcat Bundle with Bonita Runtime. As you did not specify any environment variables it's almost like if you had launched the Bundle on your host using startup.+{sh|bat}+ (with security hardening on REST and HTTP APIs, cf xref:_start_bonita_with_custom_security_credentials[Security concerns]). It means that Bonita uses a H2 database here.
```

Author: Done
